# Tasks

## Next

| Task | Project | Notes |
|---|---|---|
| Clear down Slack messages | | |
| Write up Nick H's 1:1 notes from 11th Feb | | |
| Write up Nick G's 1:1 notes from 12th Feb | | |

## Soon

| Task | Project | Notes |
|---|---|---|
| Understand gateway vs customer-service proxy question ([ZILCH-40366](https://payzilch.atlassian.net/browse/ZILCH-40366)) | gateway-service | Sits with Saeed, not Abhishek. Jacek leading cross-team effort. |
| Review [ZILCH-40366](https://payzilch.atlassian.net/browse/ZILCH-40366) (gateway service authoriser Lambda) | gateway-service | Jacek deploying to pre-prod |
| Task out [ZILCH-47400](https://payzilch.atlassian.net/browse/ZILCH-47400) (Merchant O11y Audit & Refresh) | | Break epic into refinable tickets |
| [ZILCH-46727](https://payzilch.atlassian.net/browse/ZILCH-46727) — Rewards on loans during tier change | | Meet with Jacek and Michal to capture as tickets |
| Set up regular rota review meeting | on-call-rota | |
| Ask Mike Davis what his engineering dependencies are for Pro | zilch-pro | |
| Coordinate Pro rollout plan with Zac and Ethan | zilch-pro | A/B testing, cohorts, then technical steps |
| Understand scope of Aurora connectivity issue across other services | aurora-connectivity-issue | Which services use AWS JDBC failover plugin? |
| Order two Lego unicorns | | One for Stefan, one for Michal's backfill |
| Get up to speed on FE initiatives for Stefan's onboarding | stefan-onboarding | |
| Write LinkedIn reference for Alex Murphy | | |
| Set up Jira to support new DevOps team process | devops-process | |
| Set up capacity spreadsheet | devops-process | |
| Set up refinement and backlog prioritisation meetings | devops-process | |
| Move fee-service Jira tickets to the new team | fee-service | Re-assign Team dropdown once the new team is set up |
| Write up thoughts on improved data model for rewards | | |
| Extend Merchant stand-up from 15 to 20 minutes | devops-process | Commit to finishing strictly on time. Needed to create headroom before DevOps stand-up. |
| Add Stefan to regular team meetings | stefan-onboarding | |
| Set up 1:1s with Stefan | stefan-onboarding | |
| Draft day-one email for Stefan | stefan-onboarding | Depends on other onboarding prep |
| Document step-by-step release plan for Pro | zilch-pro | Depends on cross-team review |

## Later

| Task | Project | Notes |
|---|---|---|
| Move Merchant team's support rota into JSM | | Blocked on ITOPS-14282. Remove Michal Baran. |
| Get duplicate Merchant team records removed from JSM | | Need a JSM admin |
| Update retro rota on Confluence | | Remove Alex and Michal; extend beyond 12.1 |
| Create LaunchDarkly flag enablement playbook | | Retro action |
| Design quarterly peer feedback programme | | |

## Waiting On

| Task | Project | Notes |
|---|---|---|
| [PO-1589](https://payzilch.atlassian.net/browse/PO-1589) — Lambda VPC move for Ello SFTP | tastecard | Chased 9 Feb; unassigned |
| [ZILCH-48105](https://payzilch.atlassian.net/browse/ZILCH-48105) — WebSocket/IDV deadlock fix | | Planned into sprint 11.3 |
| Michal Baran backfill — role approval | | Promised but not yet approved |
| [ITOPS-14282](https://payzilch.atlassian.net/browse/ITOPS-14282) — JSM permissions for Merchant support rota | | Raised 9 Feb |
| [ZILCH-48248](https://payzilch.atlassian.net/browse/ZILCH-48248) — Race condition fix ready for QA sign-off | | Moved to QA sign-off 12 Feb |
| [ZILCH-46901](https://payzilch.atlassian.net/browse/ZILCH-46901) — Partnerize integration: cross-environment bucket location | | Approach agreed; deciding where to host bucket |
| Data file from Ethan Stockwell | visa-flex | |
| Tom McKenzie — test policy document | | Suggested 13 Feb; to codify testing expectations for the team |
